Pd 391 user feedback tutorial (#2014)
truenas/documentation: content/_includes/NewLeaveFeedback.md

---
---

<!-- This snippet is intended to embed documentation about the NEW badge and Leave Feedback link in documentation of screens that include them. At present these are the new Apps screen and Pool Create wizard in SCALE 23.10 BETA.1
It also includes the FeedbackWidget snippet, which covers using that screen to submit feedback.-->

> To encourage general user experience reporting, some screens undergoing revision in prerelease software versions feature a **NEW** badge and **Leave Feedback** link in the header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To encourage general user experience reporting, some screens undergoing revision in pre-release software versions feature a **NEW** badge and **Leave Feedback** link in the header.
```
